# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
In this project, A classifier is built to predict if the customer of the bank will subscribe to a term deposit with the bank or not. We explored and compared the HyperDrive option, of finding the best hyperparameters for logistic regression using the Sklearn library, with the AutoML option which explores different types of classifaction models and hyperparameters.

We are explored 12 runs to find the best hyperparameters using HyperDrive. The best performance with the HyperDrive option is the accuracy of 91.60 %. Similarly, 12 iterations are used for the AutoML option so that two options can be compared. With AutoML the best performance results in accuracy of 91.66 % with the model: VotingEnsemble.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
